README.md, before:

# Web dev resources
A list of essential and useful javascript resources and articles

# Javascript

- [ECMAScript 6 features](https://github.com/lukehoban/es6features)
- [JS things I never knew existed](https://air.ghost.io/js-things-i-never-knew-existed/)
- [30 seconds of code](https://github.com/Chalarangelo/30-seconds-of-code)

## How Javascript Works
- [What the heck is the Event Loop?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8aGhZQkoFbQ)

# Vue
- [Vue.js Official Docs](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/)
- [Vue.js 2 - The Complete Guide](https://coursehunters.net/course/udemy-vuejs-2) - The most essential video course that covers most of documentation very well
- [Vue.js CLI](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-cli) - Command line interface for starting Vue.js projects
- [Vue DevTools Chrome extension](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-devtools) - Browser extension for debugging Vue.js applicaion
- [Vue Router Official Docs](https://router.vuejs.org/) - Official documentation for Vue.js router
- [Vuex Official Docs](https://vuex.vuejs.org/) - Official documentation for official state managing plugin - Vuex
- [Vue.js Official Styleguide](https://vuejs.org/v2/style-guide/) - Official recommendation for writing Vue.js components
- [Vue.js Official SSR Docs](https://ssr.vuejs.org/) - Official recommendations for using Vue.js with Server Side Rendering
- [Nuxt.js Official Docs](https://nuxtjs.org/guide/installation) - Documentation for Nuxt.js framework to build SSR applications with Vue.js
- [Vue.js Advanced Features from the Ground Up with Evan You](https://frontendmasters.com/workshops/vue-advanced-features/) ([download](https://rutracker.org/forum/viewtopic.php?t=5459407))

Tooling:

- [Global Event Bus](https://alligator.io/vuejs/global-event-bus/) - A usefull way to emit/listen to events in Vue application
- [Vue-multiselect](https://vue-multiselect.js.org/) - Neat multiselect component with rich API

Testing:
- [Vue Test Utils Official Docs](https://vue-test-utils.vuejs.org/)
- [Tests with Jest & Vue-test-utils](https://alexjoverm.github.io/2017/08/21/Write-the-first-Vue-js-Component-Unit-Test-in-Jest)

Additional:

- [Awesome Vue](https://github.com/vuejs/awesome-vue) - Collection of useful Vue.js plugins, libraries, articles and examples
- [Quasar](http://quasar-framework.org/) - Vue.js framework for developing hybrid applications
- [NativeScript Vue](https://nativescript-vue.org) - Framework for development native applications with Vue.js
- [Weex](https://weex.apache.org/) - Vue.js framework for developing native applications

# Github & workflow
- [Project Guidelines](https://github.com/wearehive/project-guidelines) - Git workflow and recommendations for working with a team
- [Git Tip: Deleting Old Local Branches](http://erikaybar.name/git-deleting-old-local-branches)

Commit message:

Add advanced section for Vue.js

README.md, after:

# Web dev resources
A list of essential and useful javascript resources and articles

# Javascript

- [ECMAScript 6 features](https://github.com/lukehoban/es6features)
- [JS things I never knew existed](https://air.ghost.io/js-things-i-never-knew-existed/)
- [30 seconds of code](https://github.com/Chalarangelo/30-seconds-of-code)

## How Javascript Works
- [What the heck is the Event Loop?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8aGhZQkoFbQ)

# Vue
- [Vue.js Official Docs](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/)
- [Vue.js 2 - The Complete Guide](https://coursehunters.net/course/udemy-vuejs-2) - The most essential video course that covers most of documentation very well
- [Vue.js CLI](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-cli) - Command line interface for starting Vue.js projects
- [Vue DevTools Chrome extension](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-devtools) - Browser extension for debugging Vue.js applicaion
- [Vue Router Official Docs](https://router.vuejs.org/) - Official documentation for Vue.js router
- [Vuex Official Docs](https://vuex.vuejs.org/) - Official documentation for official state managing plugin - Vuex
- [Vue.js Official Styleguide](https://vuejs.org/v2/style-guide/) - Official recommendation for writing Vue.js components
- [Vue.js Official SSR Docs](https://ssr.vuejs.org/) - Official recommendations for using Vue.js with Server Side Rendering
- [Nuxt.js Official Docs](https://nuxtjs.org/guide/installation) - Documentation for Nuxt.js framework to build SSR applications with Vue.js
- [Vue.js Advanced Features from the Ground Up with Evan You](https://frontendmasters.com/workshops/vue-advanced-features/) ([download](https://rutracker.org/forum/viewtopic.php?t=5459407))

Tooling:

- [Global Event Bus](https://alligator.io/vuejs/global-event-bus/) - A usefull way to emit/listen to events in Vue application
- [Vue-multiselect](https://vue-multiselect.js.org/) - Neat multiselect component with rich API

Testing:

- [Vue Test Utils Official Docs](https://vue-test-utils.vuejs.org/)
- [Tests with Jest & Vue-test-utils](https://alexjoverm.github.io/2017/08/21/Write-the-first-Vue-js-Component-Unit-Test-in-Jest)

Advanced techniques:

- [7 Secret Patterns Vue Consultants Don’t Want You to Know](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7YZ5DwlLSt8)
- [Renderless components](https://adamwathan.me/renderless-components-in-vuejs/)

Additional:

- [Awesome Vue](https://github.com/vuejs/awesome-vue) - Collection of useful Vue.js plugins, libraries, articles and examples
- [Quasar](http://quasar-framework.org/) - Vue.js framework for developing hybrid applications
- [NativeScript Vue](https://nativescript-vue.org) - Framework for development native applications with Vue.js
- [Weex](https://weex.apache.org/) - Vue.js framework for developing native applications

# Github & workflow
- [Project Guidelines](https://github.com/wearehive/project-guidelines) - Git workflow and recommendations for working with a team
- [Git Tip: Deleting Old Local Branches](http://erikaybar.name/git-deleting-old-local-branches)
